4) Explore multithreading in Java to perform multiple tasks concurrently.

Ans: 

Threads: They are lightweight processes within a process and are the smallest unit of a process that can be scheduled for execution.

Multithreading: Multithreading in Java allows us to execute multiple tasks (known as threads) concurrently within a single program (process). This improves the performance of the application by utilizing CPU resources more efficiently.

                Multithreading can be implemented using the following two methods:
                
                1. Using the Thread class: The java.lang.Thread class is extended by class A, and class A needs to override the run() method of the Thread class. The thread can be executed by creating an object of class A and calling the start() method, which invokes the run() method.
                                           Example:
                                           class Multithreading extends Thread {
                                               public void run() {}
                                           }
                
                2. Using the Runnable interface: The java.lang.Runnable interface is implemented by class B, and class B needs to override the run() method of the Runnable interface. The thread can be executed by creating an object of class B, passing it to a Thread object, and calling the start() method, which invokes the run() method.
                                                 Example:
                                                 class Multithreading implements Runnable {
                                                     public void run() {}
                                                 }
                
                The Runnable interface is preferred because if we extend the Thread class, we cannot extend any other class (since Java does not support multiple inheritance).
                The Runnable interface allows an object to be shared among multiple threads, which makes it more flexible and suitable for multithreading.
                
                Advantages of Multithreading:
                
                1. Efficient CPU utilization – Ensures that CPU resources are used effectively.
                2. Simplified program structure – Helps in handling complex tasks more easily.
